1. What is pyhton language?

ans:- python is a popular programming language created by Guido van rossum and releasd on 1991.
	It is a high level language. It supports muliple paradigms.
	Its is used for:
	i) web development 
	ii) software devopment
	etc...

2. What are the key features of puthon of python?

ans:- The key features of python are:-
	a) object oriented.
	b) crossplatform.
	c) rich libraries. 
	d) simple to use.
	e) elegant syntax.

3. How is python a interpreted language?

ans:- Python is called a interpreted language because it goes through an interpreter, which turns
      code you write into language understood by your computer's processor. Later on when you work
      on a project on your own computer, you will download and use the python interpreter to able to 
      write python code and execute it on your own.

4. How is memory managed in python?

ans:-Memory management in pythonn involves a private heap containg allpython objects and data structures
     Interpreter takes care of python heap and the programmer has to access to it.
	- the allocation of heap space is controlled by python memory manager.
	- python has the the garbage collector which recycles all the unused memory
	
5. What is python path?

ans:- Python path is an environment variale which you can set to add additional directories where python 
      will look for the modules and packages. For most installation you should set this variables sinse 
      these they are not needed for python to run. Python knows where to find standard linbraries.

6. What are the generators in python?

ans:- Generators are very easy to use but diffivuilt to understand. Generators are used to creat iterators 
      but with different approach. Generator are simple function which returns an iterable set of items ,
      one at a time, in a special way.

7. Does python have oops concept?

ans:- Yes, python has oops concept.
 

8. Is python case sensitive?

ans:- Yes, python is case sensitive. There is difference between Var and var.


9. How long can an identifier be in python?

ans:- 79 characters.

10. With python, how do you find out which directory you are currently in?

ans:- By using getcwd() method you can find out which directory you are currently in.Cwd is currebt working 
      directory in python.          
 
   